Doc 1438/docs upload supporting documents no code (#497)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/merchants/guide-missing-information.mdx

### Step 5: Upload documents {#step-5}

There are two ways to upload documents:

#### Option 1: Generate upload URL with the API {#option-1}

Supporting documents work the same way as for onboarding and transactions.

Use the collection ID from the previous step to generate the supporting document upload link.

Refer to the guide: [Upload a supporting document for an onboarding](/topics/accounts/documents/guide-upload-onboarding).

#### Option 2: Use Web Banking {#option-2}

> Direct users to upload documents through Swan's Web Banking interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can direct users to upload documents directly through our Web Banking interface.
```

More active, and we're already in a Swan world. No need to refer to us.
